pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31904164Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660296Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20716216Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90648Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36282752Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179448Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90124Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37563628Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90772Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157464Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 118221360Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36283100Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70145088Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 118221620Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757680Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102769288Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 33407460Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 75557112Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 44155088Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88576Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90144Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88688Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157256Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660580Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20525084Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 212958856Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36283264Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35281292Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179716Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60560484Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20525384Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 120564288Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45095192Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45095504Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179544Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 89964Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 75557152Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90328Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35281084Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90972Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660688Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102769292Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70145032Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102769140Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 123376300Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157852Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35862984Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35863136Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 75556976Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90384Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70583332Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88392Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757392Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 123376116Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90348Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 47906716Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90836Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157684Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37563632Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70144764Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 42815580Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 42815860Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157612Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90328Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 68269100Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757568Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70145136Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 42815900Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90508Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31904148Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90296Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90444Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90372Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660724Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102769284Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 68269456Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179688Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179624Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90400Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102768804Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 40451552Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757860Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 40451208Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 33406960Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20525128Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90172Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 39150892Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 120564304Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157652Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37563812Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70583064Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 40451304Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45095304Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88220Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757656Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179780Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 123377056Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660740Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70583068Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 39150920Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20716120Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102769180Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88236Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36282752Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88648Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88472Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 123376492Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90156Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90148Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660684Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 86366644Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90416Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88740Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179792Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20716216Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 47906604Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36282876Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 120564392Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90164Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660896Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36283020Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88332Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 86366552Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20525160Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 212958964Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157700Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90180Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90044Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31904032Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90564Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88164Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35863120Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 118221696Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 89864Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157648Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88484Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90368Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179708Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 40451612Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102769160Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 86366704Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35863220Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31903856Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658600Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 39150912Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 39150816Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36283036Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35281284Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658652Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179684Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90416Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45095244Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658820Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 89860Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60560528Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35863128Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88340Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 120564816Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 118221364Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88540Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90380Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90320Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102768716Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 40451372Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658752Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 123376604Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 44154672Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 212958712Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757592Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70144748Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31904024Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102768960Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90464Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90280Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 68268752Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 68268464Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90940Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 118221672Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90476Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36283036Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658536Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90220Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 86366496Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31904152Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658700Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157932Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90320Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 212959172Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 47907016Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660560Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157700Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37563716Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 212959196Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 47906632Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 39151128Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31904028Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35281300Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90416Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88772Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90568Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90272Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70582900Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102769176Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31903864Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 33407208Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90856Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157888Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658596Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757528Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 42816916Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90264Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 70582536Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 44154464Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 68269496Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660760Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36283008Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 42815940Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 44154776Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757476Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60560668Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20525284Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37563500Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 36282996Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45094876Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88492Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157612Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 75557440Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658496Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 120564340Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31903780Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90388Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90420Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20716180Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90088Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 75557320Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90972Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90280Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90988Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658764Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90020Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90420Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35281568Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60560988Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20716240Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757276Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 33406772Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60560432Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 44155048Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18660616Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 45179812Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90044Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 204757484Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18658916Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 47906680Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31903988Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157608Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 33406788Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157620Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 27157800Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 86366164Kbytes
