pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90412Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10436392Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 106654032Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429324Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17979180Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17721544Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90460Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17979372Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10308420Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37863444Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88624Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9374876Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22638852Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88084Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15998976Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9377044Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90576Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90224Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88724Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15998768Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 16783820Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88712Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625716Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 19709952Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435016Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35422740Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429352Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88412Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 59204616Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 34283612Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435372Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 16783772Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37863392Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429116Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 30363316Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 30363296Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88128Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90336Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248336Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37863252Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625224Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90424Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22639140Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 106654132Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22126160Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90728Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 59205148Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88672Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248624Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22638876Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9376508Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625364Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90056Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90448Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22629004Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88120Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9375080Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10308340Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90932Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 34283896Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90280Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15999392Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88544Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90368Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90364Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9374860Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 61783040Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 43226216Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 19709840Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90536Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21481020Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90204Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90468Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37862948Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22638580Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17721336Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22126028Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22628868Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35230584Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625672Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22638632Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248412Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435196Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15998896Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21480856Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60376656Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90368Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60376724Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60376828Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90480Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35422588Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88612Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625720Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17721656Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625632Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435200Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9376484Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90508Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22629116Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9376572Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20306492Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22126076Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24035520Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20306640Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 61782884Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24035200Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90168Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9377048Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20306404Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90408Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21481072Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10436428Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90504Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435424Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 37863368Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90268Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248360Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 30363040Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90200Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9374812Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88560Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88624Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17721568Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429412Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35422636Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22628964Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9374996Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88704Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 16783380Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 59204780Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 19709864Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429336Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18829448Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625592Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24035616Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22628912Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22126120Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9376916Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625660Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429488Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24035304Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15999336Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 30363092Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22639112Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90548Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18829748Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90144Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90304Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248380Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17979436Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9376840Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21481148Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248636Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435108Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9375020Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 16783720Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15999004Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429268Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429272Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9375024Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 106653920Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90484Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 59204588Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90936Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90232Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 34283616Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429352Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35230592Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18829768Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17979208Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90724Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90152Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 106653840Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60376740Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90232Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90060Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90496Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 43226000Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9376932Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435064Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 16783692Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9376864Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17979564Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 60376908Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22126200Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10308032Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20306840Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248168Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88676Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90168Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15999288Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 59204832Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 89996Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 43225896Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35230516Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 43226140Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625764Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22639072Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35422900Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22639080Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 61782620Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248292Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18829916Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24035472Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10436428Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90632Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625544Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90412Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90860Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90660Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9374876Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9374452Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15999136Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90936Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625504Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90260Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 61783008Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10436436Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 19709524Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 34283784Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90104Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90812Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 43225736Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22638900Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248476Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15999336Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435328Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15999216Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21481164Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625740Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 22639060Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35422612Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435248Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20306628Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 106653904Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10308380Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18248632Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 19709764Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625576Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10436120Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90380Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102435072Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9374880Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35230924Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90184Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90280Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 18829796Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 34283488Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88524Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17721428Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10308052Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625472Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 51429004Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90440Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13625896Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 35230648Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 61782900Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 30363400Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9376692Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 89964Kbytes
