-----------------------------
------ SCALE FACTOR 1 ------
-----------------------------
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2300368Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544696Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2807140Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3667416Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3489032Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284116Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90420Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88648Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11966448Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284564Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1960928Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4599152Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21388656Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90140Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4192548Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806952Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544584Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4942648Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90420Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1959412Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4599012Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3837556Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4599040Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90264Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817476Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4098844Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1959428Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7136224Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3676404Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1958892Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6208336Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90560Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806764Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1959244Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817440Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90388Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3489312Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88304Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4426796Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90540Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90740Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1959012Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12482504Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12482072Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4496916Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1959112Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90144Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88452Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284260Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284372Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4098832Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7136216Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8694168Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4661220Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3666892Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90360Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21388756Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90688Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806728Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12482160Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10335048Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4599084Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10335060Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2189580Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806668Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4192300Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21388780Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 89916Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10335056Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806988Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90400Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4942612Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21388736Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90260Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90004Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7136004Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90424Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544540Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3489144Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6945416Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4426816Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3837116Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88700Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7178096Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88508Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7178364Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90504Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3676524Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88308Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2300020Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88440Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8694312Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817184Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12482004Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90356Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90148Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2299808Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2189280Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7178332Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6208452Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10334912Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10334900Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806908Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8694184Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4598772Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3667440Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6945540Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7178372Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4942700Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806620Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2300068Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4599108Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3837108Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284208Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817600Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90404Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817420Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7178136Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4598908Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1961476Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90644Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90232Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1961324Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90640Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88324Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6945556Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2189552Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6945660Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1961420Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4496708Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4496460Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90596Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1961288Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10335156Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544380Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88524Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7136252Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90252Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4098676Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12200700Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90404Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90448Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90396Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806620Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12200884Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88352Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1959148Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806456Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7708576Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817688Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90140Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4192544Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4598736Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3489072Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8693924Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284328Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544412Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817316Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1959288Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90680Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90336Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90456Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7708792Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4496648Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11966712Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284464Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90100Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3676604Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806792Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1961368Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3676568Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4661008Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90476Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4661032Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3667404Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90004Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7136332Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4426896Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7708796Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1961104Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2189324Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4496908Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7708692Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4661152Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90280Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3489112Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4098636Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 91004Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10334796Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88844Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4426568Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4942396Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3667212Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284596Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90472Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544724Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88252Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1959248Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12200720Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817592Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6208636Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21388500Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806788Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88468Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4598996Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90476Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4661020Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11966312Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90316Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1961400Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90212Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544424Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4426732Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10334744Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4942364Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6945156Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10334904Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3676600Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806880Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6208780Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90480Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6208152Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90592Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284184Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544712Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544540Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4599212Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10334856Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90652Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4192532Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806944Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11966484Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88528Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11966292Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817360Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12201108Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20544576Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90404Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4192328Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 89796Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2189676Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90188Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2806796Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1959332Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7708740Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90576Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3284328Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4098936Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90264Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2300388Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12482220Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3837252Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1961092Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 90044Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12200580Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1960820Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3817588Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 88592Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8693584Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3837688Kbytes
