pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5476636Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98112Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98492Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3776744Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98216Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6892048Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 23917576Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9704956Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97992Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7454596Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7851072Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98264Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7851068Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20528732Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15327956Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31913580Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9235404Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98356Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31912956Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20529160Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97072Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12328264Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7454480Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3804740Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17247384Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14263124Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3779316Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102096Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102464Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6896268Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5480524Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7457480Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7457256Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7458476Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102228Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8977800Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3815040Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9239064Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24952900Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9709240Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 100624Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8770724Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5480900Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4242528Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 23922684Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102080Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102464Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8020668Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20532464Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7855032Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14361360Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6430896Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5480912Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 100536Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8770628Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9802000Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13891816Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31914908Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8297800Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9797600Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5476608Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98904Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7851436Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3810540Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13888164Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12328676Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20528536Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98600Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98780Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13888876Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7453584Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13888560Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6423680Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 96860Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 23917960Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31914380Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7454088Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98248Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6892144Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5477004Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24387552Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4480476Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97908Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98196Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98360Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9705104Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31913716Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14357360Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24949100Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4480460Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6426612Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9705260Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3776568Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24387432Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3806268Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24949924Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17247864Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5476720Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9705564Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98224Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5476988Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98636Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20529400Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98744Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24387544Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98096Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7851320Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9705528Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8766716Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31914044Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 13887924Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8298100Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5476776Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97856Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20528580Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97340Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7267044Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98116Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3778112Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8973972Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8297928Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20529384Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4154736Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98376Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9235320Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98340Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98776Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24948864Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3776176Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24387636Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 96956Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 96864Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31913388Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97832Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9797808Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98004Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 96944Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4480120Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98452Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98120Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31912780Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98336Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97860Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12328384Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3775412Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3811072Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5476784Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20529492Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98100Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98480Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31903232Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98196Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14262500Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12328576Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7850752Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9235312Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31917184Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6422044Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24949824Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8018504Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14266232Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6428552Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9708076Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99908Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 100748Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5479248Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8769316Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31915872Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7266688Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8974096Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98096Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98240Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15328368Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31914736Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5476360Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3776280Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6427016Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 96828Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31915924Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9705140Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 23917500Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4076024Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3810676Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98360Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7266720Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12328828Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7267020Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4480672Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98460Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98360Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14263932Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98392Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15327972Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98496Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20528508Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9797604Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14263084Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7266752Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5476568Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97100Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98512Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 23918816Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8016144Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98248Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7453692Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7850936Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14357920Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31914532Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5476616Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 96940Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 96828Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15328216Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3778464Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17247492Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17247552Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98224Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3775268Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8974096Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4238560Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9235236Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 96732Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7453780Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6891724Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98744Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14357484Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98344Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8298140Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7851340Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 24386544Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3805376Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8974740Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3806152Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Command terminated by signal 9
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 31912920Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9797868Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3810856Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6891936Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9705332Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8766600Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6423828Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6516856Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 14357788Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6423608Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 15328032Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7851084Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8017008Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8298396Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20529424Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4239160Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4239796Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6423904Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7850936Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 17247732Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98764Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8017232Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4238576Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98284Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4480488Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7454760Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 9705128Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 5477036Kbytes
