pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 101756Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6224164Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102592Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6224360Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12452652Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4677116Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6224044Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2293792Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7186796Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103176Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20527536Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103108Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103112Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3267968Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103112Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10311688Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20527604Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4958156Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092764Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2294200Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2091004Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2792392Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4113812Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8671164Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4907108Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12172004Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2792524Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103184Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20526560Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3263988Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8669908Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3504888Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12453232Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2232656Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12524472Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4957840Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102768Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 101724Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20526544Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3979760Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4208116Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092580Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8670236Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103164Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103180Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3692348Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10312248Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4208128Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092536Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102484Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2792868Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4958060Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4442644Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4541628Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4208212Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103024Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4958404Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092760Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103120Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7227624Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21370288Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20527628Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103140Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092356Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7039204Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102760Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103144Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4906748Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7038864Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3691964Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 101828Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10314044Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4676512Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3832576Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7724364Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103280Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6223996Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11937276Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 101700Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4907376Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102988Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10312092Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10312004Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7150012Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2294136Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21371200Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4676780Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102880Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3979440Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102904Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102764Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4442376Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3832776Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102632Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4676816Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4907012Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2792380Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12171868Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103164Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3504660Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102856Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 101764Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12009916Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3832936Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3504688Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3979944Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7724216Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3264004Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 101728Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092488Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 101604Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4114140Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4207840Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2293748Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102884Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103272Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6960200Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4677096Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8671072Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21371172Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4541972Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 101892Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3264072Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1955872Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4906872Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3979340Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2792124Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2090004Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4958004Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102872Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7226368Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4114184Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4442556Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2792516Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102688Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103132Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3504336Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3832316Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12009140Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2792336Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3979620Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3832508Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 102876Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20527356Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20526380Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7226852Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2792408Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10310984Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4907136Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3312936Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 101748Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7186676Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7150968Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20526428Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4114428Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4906916Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4208252Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2232188Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2094648Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11937524Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3692180Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20526860Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092780Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105284Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3835008Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21373456Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4444152Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12527692Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3834800Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104744Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3981660Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2794132Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4543752Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2794204Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10313676Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6226204Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3981404Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2794424Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10313792Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2094412Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3981644Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7726312Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3265896Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2234364Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105124Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2794064Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4908892Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103836Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4543872Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2794820Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12173436Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20528312Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3835180Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3835168Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103852Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3694344Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104992Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104628Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1957508Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6961228Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4909068Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103580Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3265716Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4444060Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7188580Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7228316Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105148Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2234604Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3694284Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7152992Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21373804Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12526672Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092736Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3314460Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7726216Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103984Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2794268Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2296020Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2094436Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105168Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104956Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4115876Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12173424Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3833084Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 103588Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3506504Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4908884Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104012Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11939352Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4543520Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105092Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2794400Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104508Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105036Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6961492Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104876Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10313916Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2133056Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092688Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8672264Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105032Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105008Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3981808Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2092932Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2132608Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2094568Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3266408Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3314300Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104876Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10314056Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105012Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104764Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2235168Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104860Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 105292Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3981424Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12173804Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104696Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 104740Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7726492Kbytes
