pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4111224Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12167300Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4671568Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902624Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98992Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98624Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3830060Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2787900Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6219980Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4537424Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20523068Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7719900Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98976Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99360Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2788428Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3975444Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2088076Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4110632Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4438216Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902236Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902628Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98996Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97480Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6218992Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98752Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4203840Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2788488Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7224140Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12005892Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 1948556Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2788284Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2788120Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12005644Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12522080Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2289440Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20522872Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8666808Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98748Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2289380Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12448724Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3975276Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2788004Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4110264Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21366344Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97348Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4202700Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2088104Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902388Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2086972Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7720728Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3500580Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97308Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4953996Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12007004Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21366568Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2228936Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4672816Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4438496Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12521380Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97556Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6219928Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7145796Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3308200Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2289324Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20521976Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11933232Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99328Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2787800Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8666992Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6218588Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902460Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98956Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3259200Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12448864Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98556Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10306720Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2088308Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902244Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3974692Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98712Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99004Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3307908Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98720Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 11933012Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2289184Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2788068Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3500576Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98748Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4438276Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99148Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4954060Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902152Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98872Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7720760Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97364Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3263640Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20522408Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3259420Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4203792Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6955008Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98608Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98724Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10307248Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7145712Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10307648Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3829052Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3828636Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21367028Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98748Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20522480Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7181724Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97380Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3263292Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4438328Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2088076Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3259276Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97536Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8665336Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12166600Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3829100Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10307648Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3828172Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3975016Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2228956Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2087860Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20522204Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3828812Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2085052Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6954920Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12240096Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7182488Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6954900Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4203712Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3688036Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10307620Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2228032Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98992Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21367488Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97684Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12166928Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4537312Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2088228Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4672552Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2788484Kbytes
pyCube_query12
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97648Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98928Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98512Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7146728Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10307632Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3687808Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99372Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2787600Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8665612Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98656Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6219608Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3974776Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99424Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98680Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4672404Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3308448Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4109620Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98924Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99084Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2086332Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3829496Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3974940Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2788032Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2787904Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98956Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2085144Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2228424Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902268Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7224040Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97716Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6955040Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4672292Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3687832Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2228636Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10306472Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4953316Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902464Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97460Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97572Kbytes
pyCube_query34
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98980Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12167064Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98608Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3974848Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99140Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2087892Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99120Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2787736Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3688016Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98884Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98284Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3263144Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4109028Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2085304Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7720180Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3975132Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99040Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 6955416Kbytes
pyCube_query42
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98668Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7720180Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97288Kbytes
pandas_query31_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4438288Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4953540Kbytes
pyCube_query32
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 100820Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2087908Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2086424Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2086540Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2289196Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3974592Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 8664992Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4537336Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3828716Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3974512Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10306200Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98784Kbytes
pyCube_query41
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98140Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2087900Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3828380Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20522096Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2787324Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4902476Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20523588Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10307324Kbytes
pandas_query11_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2085292Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98548Kbytes
pyCube_query31
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98552Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2787920Kbytes
pandas_query13_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 10307264Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4537556Kbytes
pyCube_query21
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98808Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20522176Kbytes
pandas_query32_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4203848Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3260568Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2086488Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 12520092Kbytes
pandas_query41_baseline3
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4537696Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98672Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 4953740Kbytes
pandas_query23_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 20521852Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3500248Kbytes
pyCube_query33
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98736Kbytes
pandas_query21_baseline1
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 21367436Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7222940Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98964Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3500200Kbytes
pyCube_query13
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97520Kbytes
pandas_query12_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 2087948Kbytes
pyCube_query11
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 97396Kbytes
pyCube_query22
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99108Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99444Kbytes
pandas_query33_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3500364Kbytes
pandas_query34_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3687908Kbytes
pandas_query42_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7146220Kbytes
pandas_query22_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 3828704Kbytes
pyCube_query23
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 99140Kbytes
pyCube_query43
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 98956Kbytes
pandas_query43_baseline2
Maximum resident set size of the process during its lifetime: 7222524Kbytes
